.TH tst "1" "March 2024" "tst 1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
tst \- scripts for testing languages that integrates with vim
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tst
.B language_extension
.IR [template]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This is a collection of bash/vim/gdb scripts that help you easily test lines of
code without having to create new files and directories. For compiled code, it
allows you to step into the code with gdb by adding debuging symbols. Everything
is integrated with vim.

If no template is specified then the default template will be used

.SH Vim Commands
.RS
.TS
allbox;
lb lb
c l.
command	Action
\fI<leader>rt\fP	runs the program in split terminal
\fI<leader>rg\fP	runs gdb in split terminal
.TE
.RE

If you do not like these command mappings you can change them in the
_/usr/local/share/tst/commands.vim file.
.SH Templates
Templates are located in /usr/local/share/tst/templates/. Just look for your
language and then and then the default file. This file will be the default
template when you run tst. Otherwise you can look for or make a specific
template in this directory.
.SH Run Scripts
You can edit /usr/local/bin/runtst to modify how your program runs. This might
be a good place to check if your program does not run.
.SH GDB
You can specifiy a specific gdb configuration for you language by changing
_/usr/local/share/tst/gdb/<language>.gdb_. Where language is the language you
wish to add a configuration for. If you want to change the gdb configuration for
all languages then edit the _/usr/local/share/tst/gdb/global.gdb_ file.
.SH AUTHOR
.AU
Written by Austin Michael Larsen
